OLDER TED:
In the spring of 2009,
I'd been hired to design
a new headquarters for
Goliath National Bank.
And I was eager
to add as much of my
voice as an architect
into the plans as possible.
Wood beams bathed
in natural light
in the atrium.
They're gonna love it!
There was
only one problem,
and his name was Bilson.
Wood? Natural light?
Uh, no!
Natural light
reminds the workers that
there is an outside world
where they have
family and friends.
We want to crush that!
You show up in the dark,
you go home in the dark.
You spend your whole
damn day in the dark!
(WHISPERING) I need
to hear Lily's voice.
Who said you could leave?
OLDER TED:
Bilson was killing
every original idea I had.
Then, one day, GNB
took him off the
project
and created
a new task force
to oversee my designs.
Suddenly,
everything changed.
We'll have
a rooftop Zen garden
for quiet contemplation.
We'll have
a reflecting pool
in the lobby where
local children can
come to make wishes.
The new GNB,
a place of work
that you can call home.
Thank you, and, um,
welcome home.
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
OLDER TED:
Everything
was going great,
until one day,
in the elevator...
(CLEARS THROAT)
Whoa!
Yeah, it's Ted.
No, no, no, no. I did
not approve that change
for the blueprints
for the new GNB
headquarters
for which I'm
the head architect
at only 30 years old.
(CHUCKLING)
Yes, I'm single
and I give to charity.
What does that have
to do with anything?
All right,
goodbye, Mr. Mayor.
You know that was
a fake phone call,
don't you?
Yes, and I also know that the
new GNB headquarters project
was scrapped last month.
Nice try.
Check out Scarlett Johansson
at the Oscars.
If I could
nail any celebrity,
it would definitely
be Scarlett Johansson.
Hot,
talented, and nobody does
that many Woody Allen movies
without serious daddy issues.
If I could nail any
celebrity, it would
be Lily.
She's the
star of my heart.
Aw!
For me,
it'd be Hugh Jackman.
You know,
I don't know, celebrities,
they're into some
really weird sex
stuff.
Trust me.
How would you know that?
This is embarrassing,
but I...
I went home with
a celebrity one night.
(GASPS) Oh, my God!
Seriously?
Yeah. He wanted
to do this really
freaky thing with me,
so I left. That's it.
End of story.
No, no,
not end of story.
I need to know
who, what, when and
in where. Spill it!
Lily,
please settle down.
You're
swallowing
too much air.
But before you
go any further,
I'm flattered,
but technically,
I'm not a celebrity.
And plus, for the last time,
I put the mask on as a joke.
Okay, not you, Barney.
Okay, who is it?
(HICCUPS)
Okay,
now you gave
Lily the hiccups.
Okay, I won't tell
you anything specific,
but all I'll say is
he is Canadian-born,
but you
definitely
know this guy,
and he got me
back to his place
by offering to show me
a very unique collection.
What do you mean,
collection?
Well, you know how
some people collect,
like, stamps or coins?
It's like that.
But I'm not telling.
Well, at least tell
us the weird thing
he wanted to do.
(SIGHS) I don't know
what you call it in
the States,
but
we have a name
for it in Canada.
Look,
I've already
said too much.
So,
mystery celebrity who
collects a mystery item
asked you
to do a mystery
Canadian sex act.
Yes.
Tell us!
(HICCUPS)
Okay, I'll tell you.
But only if you guess
all three parts correctly.
Well,
that's just impossible.
Exactly.
I don't even know
any Canadian sex acts.
Well,
you got your
Sloppy Dog Sled,
your
Alberta Fur Trapper,
your Full Mountie...
How do you know all these?
Canadiansexacts.org,
it's bookmarked on
the top right.
"Dot org"?
Yeah. It's not for profit.
They really
just want to get the
information out there.
Hey, so,
I just had the
weirdest conversation.
This woman at GNB told me that
the new bank building was
scrapped last month.
That's crazy, right?
Wait, what...
What was that look?
Should we tell him?
I don't want to tell him.
I think we should tell him.
We're not telling him.
There was no look.
Guys, what the hell?
Okay,
it's time that
you know the truth.
A few weeks ago,
Bilson called us
into his office.
We're scrapping the plan
for the new GNB headquarters.
This recession is
killing us.
We're cutting
anything non-essential.
And I have a lot of
tough choices to make
at the bi-quarterly
retreat in Saint Croix.
Man,
Ted is gonna
be devastated.
Not when he hears it
coming from his best
friend.
I have to tell him?
You should tell him,
you're his best friend.
Am not,
Am not, you're his best...
Am...
(SHUSHING)
Quiet, here he comes.
What, the white dude
or the Asian fellow?
See? I barely know the guy.
Hey, Ted, what's up?
Hey, how're you doing?
I'm frustrated.
Anything innovative
I put in my designs,
Bilson just hacks
out with a machete.
I hate
having to answer
to a guy like that.
You should
drop the project.
You should totally
It's beneath you.
Then it's settled.
To Ted Mosby's
new chapter.
May the wind
be at your back,
and may the road...
Are you kidding?
They just laid off
another architect at my firm.
I mean,
Bilson's
a pain, sure,
but without this project,
I'm probably out of a job.
Right. Um, it's funny
that you mention the
project,
because...
You're nailing it.
Keep up the good work, buddy.
Your hair and teeth
look fantastic today.
You're shining
like a diamond!
Thank you. I needed that.
All right,
I'm going to head
upstairs and keep working.
I've got to find a way to
introduce some wood into
Bilson's dark atrium.
I think
you know what I meant.
(EXHALES)
What was that?
I... I have a thought, okay?
We're paying Ted's firm for
two more months of design
work, no matter what,
so couldn't
we just let him keep
working and not tell him?
He's had a rough year.
Let's
let the guy be happy
a little while longer.
Marshall, what
you're suggesting
is an elaborate, long-term lie
that requires tremendous
commitment.
A nice guy like you
can't pull that off.
Sure I can.
Lie to me right now.
Okay. I have a spaceship.
What kind of fuel
powers your spaceship?
Okay,
I don't have a spaceship.
No! Stand your ground.
If someone questions you,
distract them from the
original lie with more lies.
Here, let me demonstrate.
I own a pony.
Ask me a question.
(SCOFFS) Okay. Um...
What color is your pony?
Well,
when I first
got Dandelion,
she was a deep
chestnut brown,
but sadly,
her stable is located
near a chemical plant
which contaminated
the drinking water.
So over time,
she's turned
a sickly,
grayish-white color,
(VOICE TREMBLING)
and there's nothing
that the vet
can do to fix her.
My God! I'm...
That's horrible.
Is Dandelion
going to be okay?
Okay.
All right.
You are good!
Huh?
Dandelion's not
even sick, is she?
So the
building's really dead
and you guys lied to me?
We just did it to
protect you, Ted.
I can't believe this.
I just got screwed by
my two best friends,
and I didn't even know it.
In Canada,
that's called a
"Sneaky Snowplow."
That building
was my dream job,
and now, it's just gone.
We're so sorry, Ted.
(SIGHS) I need a drink.
Poor Ted.
Would I seem
heartless if I switched us
back to Canadian Sex Acts?
Not at all.
I'm surprised
you waited this long.
What the hell is
a Two-Hand Zamboni?
Let's just say the only thing
the woman is wearing is
skates on her hands.
A Manitoba Milk Bag?
Okay, it's like
a Chicago Mustache,
but the
person on the bottom
is wearing a snowsuit.
A Newfoundland Lobster Trap?
Don't know.
Don't want to know.
Those Newfies
are out of control.
Okay!
Okay, I'm going to
make my first guess.
Okay,
but I'll only tell you
if you
correctly guess the person,
the act and the collection.
Okay,
I'm going to
go. Bryan Adams.
He collects baseball cards,
and he wanted to do
a Greasy Kayak.
No.
Wayne Gretzky,
vintage Hot Wheels,
a Squatting Eskimo.
No.
Mmm! Kiefer Sutherland,
souvenir shot glasses,
and a Sticky Flapjack.
No.
That I would have done.
Wait.
Wait,
if they pulled the plug
on the project a month ago,
why have I been
going in once a week
to meet with the New
Headquarters Task Force?
Well, obviously
you couldn't come
in and pitch to Bilson.
So,
we invented
the task force.
Then it was just a question
of putting together the team.
MARSHALL:
You know Roy Waterman,
Vice-President of
Capital and Risk?
He's actually
Roy the janitor.
Hey. Excuse me, Roy.
How'd you like to
make a few extra bucks?
(SIGHS)
How naked do
I have to get?
Louisa Mendoza, Executive
Vice-President of Assets?
She's actually
Louisa the lunch lady.
Louisa, I need
your help with something,
but you can't tell anybody.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Exactly.
This is a big secret.
How do you say
"secret" in Spanish?
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Ah. Yes, albóndigas.
This will be our
little albondigas.
Hey,
can I have a couple
of meatballs, please?
And Arthur Naismith,
the eccentric genius guru
of corporate investments?
He's actually Crazy Arty,
15th Street's own one-man
band.
Excuse me.
(SHRIEKS) Ah!
Do you have
a minute to talk?
Actually,
my assistant, Reginald,
makes all my appointments.
We rounded out the
group with a few
interns
and paid everyone 50 bucks to
act super-interested in what
you were saying.
Reginald, get me out
of this for next week.
That was some of
the most inspired
design work I've done
in my entire career.
I was so excited.
Alex Trebek, a Musty
Goaltender, Beanie
Babies!
Nope.
Damn it!
Wait. So
that explains the thing
that happened with Louisa.
Good job, buddy.
Nice, nice!
Listen, Louisa.
What are we going
to do about this?
Don't act
like you don't know
what I'm talking about.
I know you feel it, too.
(SIGHS) What the hell?
(LOUISA GASPS)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
No, I can't...
I'm already engaged
to Mr. Barney.
Ah, who cares...
we live but once!
(BOTH MOANING)
No! No!
No, this is wrong!
For God's sake,
you're on the task force!
Is there anything
else you want to
tell me?
Well, you know
how you played third base
for the GNB softball team?
Yeah.
There is no
GNB softball team.
We just rented out a field,
rounded up a bunch of guys
and told them to
make you the hero.
So my
game-winning
walk was a lie?
We're sorry,
Ted, but we knew that
you'd be out of work soon,
and we just...
We just wanted to
make you feel good.
You know,
that's what friends do.
Lie to each other?
Sometimes,
yeah, to protect
each other's feelings.
No way! You never
lie to your friends.
I would never not
be honest with you.
Really? What about
that open mic night
at the comedy club?
Are you like me, folks?
Have you ever
thought about
how many
different
kinds of fish there are,
and the names of those fish?
(STIFLING LAUGHTER)
Let's, uh, let's
take a little ride.
"Trout." Am I right?
"Sturgeon."
I don't think so, pal.
"Salmon."
Ah!
I'm going to
say that again.
"Salmon."
Who thought that was
a good idea, right?
"Bass." This guy over here
knows what I'm talking about.
"Halibut."
Thank you,
good night.
How was I?
Oh! You were great.
Really funny.
You killed
everyone's
Thursday night.
Time out.
You didn't like the fish list?
It was horrible! You
just read a list of
fish.
(WHOOSHING)
Anyway,
you guys just
proved my point, okay?
You lied to me to
protect my feelings.
This is completely different!
I just wasted
a month of my life
working on a dead project.
That's time I could've spent
trying to bring my firm new
business.
Instead,
I'm going to go in
there tomorrow morning,
I'm probably
going to get fired.
Best-case scenario, my boss is
going to ream me out in front
of everybody.
Back home,
we call that a...
"Saskatoon Totem Pole."
ROBIN: Yes.
It's on here.
Good morning,
lying bastards.
Anything you want to lie
about before I head off
to work to get fired?
That's a nice shirt.
You're the devil.
Ted, what if we told you
that we found you a new
project at GNB
where you
would be redesigning
part of the 20th floor?
Well, if that's a lie,
it's an incredibly
dull one.
What exactly
would I be doing?
This is the 18th floor
ETR.
Basically,
Bilson wants a
room just like this,
only two stories up,
on our floor.
Wait, what's an ETR?
It's
the Employee
Transition Room.
What does that mean?
Well, it's a space where
a supervisor and an employee
engage in a knowledge transfer
about an impending vocational
paradigm shift.
People get
fired in here.
That's horrible.
Why do you need a room
specifically for firing
people?
Well,
GNB feels that
people need a safe,
secure space to
deal with the news.
Yeah. It gets
pretty real in here.
(UPBEAT SPANISH MUSIC PLAYING)
OLDER TED: So,
I reluctantly
agreed to
design a room where
people would be fired.
But I was
determined to
make it my own.
Now, when you leave
the dismissal space,
you'll exit into
what I'm calling
the Rebirth
Tranquility
Hallway.
Uh-oh.
Here, you'll find
a soothing oval
chamber
with a trained
grief counselor.
It's right here, past
the New Beginnings
Fountain.
Uh-oh.
And there you have it.
Instead of a drab,
dark prison cell,
a nurturing
womb birthing
you into a new life.
I love it.
Really?
Yeah.
Nice work, Ted.
Thank you.
Can you add some
of these touches
to the existing
18th Floor ETR
as well?
Absolutely.
Great.
Let's take a look.
Okay, so I'm
thinking this wall...
You're fired!
What?
I wanted this room!
This exact room,
two floors up!
But...
You're fired!
Now, get the hell
out of here.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Hey, honey.
(CRASHING)
Anyone from the band Rush,
a Montreal Meatpie,
and superhero lunch boxes.
No.
Okay. Rick Moranis,
the Reverse Rick Moranis,
antique Judaica.
No.
I give up.
I've been guessing for
three days. I'm done.
If that means I never
get to know, so be it.
Fine.
(HICCUPPING)
Tell us! Tell us! Tell us!
Okay,
you really
want to know?
ALL: Yes!
Okay.
But this information
does not leave this
table.
(HICCUPS)
Oh, my God.
I am so excited.
I'm going to read it.
Read it.
Here we go.
"The Frozen Snowshoe,
Old King Clancy,
Harvey's trays."
Right.
I don't know what
any of those words mean.
Is one of those
supposed to be
a celebrity?
Yeah, who the hell
is Old King Clancy?
No, that's
not the person,
that's the sex act.
It's the same as
a Sacramento Turtleneck,
except with maple syrup.
So the celebrity
was Harvey Strays?
No,
that's what
he collected.
Harvey's trays.
You know, those classic orange
trays you get whenever you
eat at Harvey's?
The restaurant?
Oh, come on,
you're road-tripping down
the Trans-Canada Highway,
you get a hunger on
between Milverton
and Wawa,
where are you gonna
strap on a feed bag,
huh? Harvey's.
"Over 12,000 Served!"
So the celebrity was...
The Frozen Snowshoe.
Oh, my God!
You guys have never
heard of The Frozen Snowshoe?
He's only the most
famous professional
wrestler in Canada.
I met him
after he defeated
Reckless Rick Rogers
in the
Kamloops Memorial Arena
back in '02. Classic match.
So you're saying
The Frozen Snowshoe
invited you
back to his place to
look at Harvey's trays,
and asked you to do
an Old King Clancy?
Exactly.
And I'm serious,
you cannot tell anyone.
Well,
my hiccups are gone.
Possibly forever.
Canada!
You did it again.
You even found
a way to ruin this.
Why?
Why do we let
you be a country?
Hey, Mr. Mister.
Hey.
Shouldn't you be upstairs,
designing your
big, fancy ETR?
I'm off the project.
What?
Bilson fired me.
You're kidding me.
So what does this mean for
you at your firm? Are you
going to get laid off?
Actually, I just quit.
Why?
Because I can't
work for big, heartless
corporate clients anymore.
When I was pitching
to your "task force,"
I was doing
the most inspired
work of my career.
In a way,
you idiots reminded me
how much fun my job can be
when I'm not answering
to the Bilsons of the
world, so
I quit.
Wow.
They fired you,
didn't they?
Yes, sir.
But I got
a sweet severance package
and I've made a big decision.
I'm going to
start my own firm.
Whoa, buddy!
That's exciting.
In this economy?
So you're not mad?
As it turns out,
I'm grateful.
So how'd it all go down
between you and Bilson?
Well, after he proposed
a vocational paradigm shift,
I made
an impromptu presentation
using a four-pronged approach
that really
brought him
to his knees.
Hit him with a chair?
Yep.
That's my boy.
And this one,
I got on the drive
from Milverton to Wawa.
Wow. That's
pretty impressive,
The Frozen Snowshoe.
Please,
we're friends.
Just call me "Shoe."
Have a seat.
So, Shoe,
how would you
like to give me
an Old King Clancy?
I think you should go.